[testing] slow tests should be marked as slow (#7895)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/testing.rst

More details, example and ways are `here <https://docs.pytest.org/en/latest/skipping.html>`__.

Slow tests
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The library of tests is ever-growing, and some of the tests take minutes to run, therefore we can't afford waiting for an hour for the test suite to complete on CI. Therefore, with some exceptions, most very slow tests should be marked as in the example below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The library of tests is ever-growing, and some of the tests take minutes to run, therefore we can't afford waiting for an hour for the test suite to complete on CI. Therefore, with some exceptions for essential tests, slow tests should be marked as in the example below:
```

.. code-block:: python

    from transformers.testing_utils import slow
    @slow
    def test_integration_foo():

Once a test is marked as ``@slow``, to run such tests set ``RUN_SLOW=1`` env var, e.g.:

.. code-block:: bash

    RUN_SLOW=1 pytest tests
    
Some decorators like ``@parameterized`` rewrite test names, therefore ``@slow`` and the rest of the skip decorators ``@require_*`` have to be listed last for them to work correctly. Here is an example of the correct usage:

.. code-block:: python

    @parameterized.expand(...)
    @slow
    def test_integration_foo():

As explained at the beginning of this document, slow tests get to run on a scheduled basis, rather than in PRs CI checks. So it's possible that some problems will be missed during a PR submission and get merged. Such problems will get caught during the next scheduled CI job. But it also means that it's important to run the slow tests on your machine before submitting the PR.

Here is a rough decision making mechanism for choosing which tests should be marked as slow:

> If the test is focused on one of the library's internal components (e.g., modeling files, tokenization files, pipelines), then we should run that test in the non-slow test suite. If it's focused on an other aspect of the library, such as the documentation or the examples, then we should run these tests in the slow test suite. And then, to refine this approach we should have exceptions:

Reviewer 2: I think there is no reason a 0.1 second examples test should be slow. This logic really only applies if the test takes longer than 1s.

Author: That's true, except these add up - thousands of those can add a significant overhead.

But I can totally see your point. It'd be more wasted time to try and figure out whether it is essential or not than just let it be normal since it's fast. I am on the fence on this, but I think I agree that leaving fast ones as normal is just simpler.

Surely this guidance doc will take some iterations - so let's start somewhere and then over time improve it?

Author: Discussion aside, let's then add some threshold for which fast tests can be left fast regardless of their type?

Reviewer 2: Agree. 1s incl download is pretty fast, I'd just do that.

Author: added

* All tests that need a specific set of weights (e.g., model or tokenizer integration tests, pipeline integration tests) should be set to slow.
* All tests that need to do a training (e.g, trainer integration tests) should be set to slow.
* We can introduce exceptions if some of these should-be-non-slow tests are excruciatingly slow, and set them to ``@slow``. Auto-modeling tests, which save and load large files to disk, are a good example of tests that are marked as ``@slow``.

Collectively, all the non-slow tests need to cover entirely the different internals, while remaining fast.
For example, a significant coverage can be achieved by testing with specially created tiny models with random weights. Such models have the very minimal number of layers (e.g., 2), vocab size (e.g., 1000), etc.
Then the ``@slow`` tests can use large slow models to do qualitative testing. To see the use of these simply look for *tiny* models with:

.. code-block:: bash

    grep tiny tests examples

> If you need to create such tiny model, here is a [script](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/blob/master/scripts/fsmt/fsmt-make-tiny-model.py) that created the tiny model [stas/tiny-wmt19-en-de](https://huggingface.co/stas/tiny-wmt19-en-de). You can easily adjust it to your specific model's architecture.

Reviewer 2: why wouldn't you want everyone to make a tiny model?

Author: I changed the language to remove "if you need"... if it was something else please clarify.

Reviewer 2: perfect, thx.

    @slow
    def test_integration_foo():

As explained at the beginning of this document, slow tests get to run on a scheduled basis, rather than in PRs CI checks. So it's possible that some problems will be missed during a PR submission and get merged. Such problems will get caught during the next scheduled CI job. But it also means that it's important to run the slow tests on your machine before submitting the PR.

Here is a rough decision making mechanism for choosing which tests should be marked as slow:

If the test is focused on one of the library's internal components (e.g., modeling files, tokenization files, pipelines), then we should run that test in the non-slow test suite. If it's focused on an other aspect of the library, such as the documentation or the examples, then we should run these tests in the slow test suite. And then, to refine this approach we should have exceptions:

> * All tests that need a specific set of weights (e.g., model or tokenizer integration tests, pipeline integration tests) should be set to slow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* All tests that need to download a heavy set of weights (e.g., model or tokenizer integration tests, pipeline integration tests) should be set to slow. If you're adding a new model, you should create and upload to the hub a tiny version of it (with random weights) for integration tests. 
```

Reviewer 2: I would add one sentence after sylvain's.
> The tiny model can be used for testing whether various `examples/` scripts and `pipelines` can work with your model.

> * All tests that need to do a training (e.g, trainer integration tests) should be set to slow.

Reviewer: Not sure how to rephrase this one as it's untrue: we have some training on small datasets (for the regression problem in the trainer tests, or to overfit on a mini-batch in the test-examples script). Maybe:
```suggestion
* All tests that need to do a training not specifically optimized to be fast should be set to slow.
```

Reviewer 2: (maybe out of scope)

I also think regardless of how tests are marked, authors should attempt to make their tests faster. Try training fewer epochs, try reducing `seq_len` etc, use fp16 if available, etc. 

Maybe this doc needs a separate section called

Tests that involve training

I also have fast examples/ tests that are not marked slow. Like @sgugger 's, they took a lot of work and this type of work should not be discouraged.

Author: This is a fantastic idea, @sshleifer! Would you like to write a stab of it and we can work on it in another PR?
